[FW][ADD] point_of_sale: documentation for pos-based marketing (#11625)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/sales/point_of_sale/pos_based_marketing.rst

==================
Marketing features
==================

Use your POS system to engage with customers directly by sending them promotional offers via email
or WhatsApp.

Storing contact details
=======================

This feature requires your customer's contact details, either their email address or phone number.

- **Email addresses**: automatically collected and saved in POS orders when sending a receipt by
  email.
- **Phone numbers**: to store phone numbers when sending receipts on WhatsApp or by SMS,

  #. Go to :menuselection:`Configuration --> Settings` and scroll to the :guilabel:`Bills &
     Receipts` section;
  #. Activate the :guilabel:`WhatsApp Enabled` or :guilabel:`SMS Enabled` option(s).

.. image:: pos_based_marketing/sms-whatsapp-enabled.png
   :alt: setting to enable to store phone numbers when sending receipts

If a customer’s contact information is missing, it will be automatically saved in POS orders when
the receipt is sent via email, SMS, or WhatsApp.

.. tip::

>    Users can also send standalone marketing messages from the Point of Sale orders form.

Reviewer: I think the tip is a great input, but readers might need more explanation on "where to find the screenshot view".
I did not use 
```suggestion
   From a POS order form, navigate to the :guilabel:`Contact Info` category under the
   :guilabel:`Extra Info` tab, then click the email icon to send standalone marketing messages.
```

   .. image:: pos_based_marketing/standalone-marketing-from-pos.png

>       :alt: pos orders form's standalone marketing message option

Reviewer: You forgot to pngquant the image
